HTML Recipe Site Assignment - Makenzie Moore


Note: Leave the images in the folder and just put the folder in the same location  as the .html files. The html codes points to the folder for the images to make it more organized.


Challenges:
1. The primary challenge faced was just trial and error to format everything in a way that looks nice. I manually did the padding and margins to make everything more spread out.

2. I originally had the navigation bar on the left like in the in class example but then I went to look at some recipe blogs for inspiration and many of them had a horizontal navigation bar at the top so I decided to try to do something like that.
    	- It wasn't too difficult but it just took a little research. I removed the link formatting and then made the list all go on one line instead of separate.
    - I also noticed several sites had some way to highlight the navigation links so I researched how to do that. It's just called hover and you specify what effect to have when something hovers and what color to make it.

3. I didn't know how to do the contact section with appropriate HTML elements so I looked it up. I used the <address> element and included links for the email, phone number, and instagram.

4. The table in the about section gave me some trouble because I wanted each column to be sized differently and for the first 2 columns to have centered text. I found a way to specify the styling for each column individually through using th:nth-child(1) - with 1 being the column number - in the style section. I played around with it a bit to get it how I wanted but I think it turned out nicely.

5. The recipe pages were mostly straight-forward but the only problem I had was the images. I wanted them to be to the right of the text. The problem was that I already had the logo at the top as an image and adding images to the pages messed with the formatting of the logo image. To fix this I just added styling specific to the images like align:right. I also added borders to the logo of every page even though you can't see it.
    - I also struggled with getting the text to the left to not go up right against the edge of the image. I tried several methods to the image style which didn't seem to work like adding padding, using hspace, and doing padding-right and padding-left. None of these worked. Then I tried adding margins and that finally worked. 

6. The other issue I had was that I wanted the Back to Home Page link to be centered but no matter what I tried it wouldn't center. In the end I just left it as is.

7. Also I initially couldn't get the degree sign to show up right when I copied and pasted it. I just looked up how to do that in HTML and there's a code for it.

8. This isn't a challenge but I created the logo in Canva. I just took a premade logo and changed the colors and name to match my website. At first I had text for the heading of the page but then I tried just the logo itself and I liked how it looked better.

9. I used <hr> a lot for horizontal line breaks but I tried to change the color since I don't like the default blue grey but it wouldn't work. I could change the size but not the color or alignment. I could maybe figure it out in the future but I left it as is for the time being.

10. I didn't fully understand meta tags before so I did some research and now I understand better. I included tags for text rendering and for letting the page scale (for mobile use). While looking at this, I stumbled across a way to set the image on the tab to a specific image so I did that with the logo I created. I think it turned out really nice.

